Privacy Policy 
Đọc Truyện Cho Bé App are safe for kids and parents.

This is the privacy policy for Đọc Truyện Cho Bé App developed and owned by Moon Stories Team ("Moon Stories", "we", or "us"). We value the privacy of both the parents/guardians as well as the children who are using the app and have, thus, created this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") to show our commitment towards safeguarding your privacy. Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.

By using our app or any services linked to the apps, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

Personal Information
We do not collect any Personal Information like name, phone number, address, location, child's name etc., from the app users. Only if you choose to register for a Đọc Truyện Cho Bé account and enter your email address, your email address is stored in a secure server. We do not collect any information apart from email address while registering your account. An email address is required for the purpose of registration, resetting password, getting access to more features, etc. While registering if you opt-in to receive emails from us for marketing purposes, we may send you emails from time to time. We do not share your email address with any third party for any purpose. 

We do not collect any Personal Information like name, phone number, address, location, child's name etc., from the app users. However if you choose to use the Subscription Service. We do not share your email address with any third party. 

If we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails or phone numbers obtained through support requests or other correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information will never be shared with any other entities. Any such personal information will be retained towards resolution of the support requests and for future reference if you need support again. We can delete the emails anytime on your request.
Age limitations:
We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under 13 years of age. If a parent/guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has attempted to contact and/or do business with us, please advise us by email at doctruyenchobe.com@gmail.com so that we may rectify the situation.
Social media:
Our apps do not interact with any social media sites. We may provide links to our own social media sites for the purpose of providing support and product information.
Children's Privacy:
We DO NOT ask for or collect any child specific data like name, age, school, etc., anywhere in the apps. We do not let third-parties collect personally identifiable information from children.
Information Collection and Use:
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service provider used by the app:

•	AdMob

We may use your email address we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a feedback survey or use certain other site features in the following ways:

• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other apps and services. Marketing emails will only be sent to you if you have opted in to get the same.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site. The use of the information we collect is always subject to the Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time when this information is collected. You are advised to refer to the Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are always in sync with our current privacy practices.
Contacting Us:
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at: Doctruyenchobe.com@gmail.com

